README.md, before:

# Leetcode
Collection of LeetCode questions to ace the coding interview! - Created using [LeetHub](https://github.com/QasimWani/LeetHub)

<!---LeetCode Topics Start-->
# LeetCode Topics
## Tree
|  |
| ------- |
| [0129-sum-root-to-leaf-numbers](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/0129-sum-root-to-leaf-numbers) |
| [0199-binary-tree-right-side-view](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/0199-binary-tree-right-side-view) |
| [0257-binary-tree-paths](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/0257-binary-tree-paths) |
## Depth-First Search
|  |
| ------- |
| [0129-sum-root-to-leaf-numbers](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/0129-sum-root-to-leaf-numbers) |
| [0199-binary-tree-right-side-view](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/0199-binary-tree-right-side-view) |
| [0257-binary-tree-paths](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/0257-binary-tree-paths) |
| [0733-flood-fill](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/0733-flood-fill) |
| [0766-flatten-a-multilevel-doubly-linked-list](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/0766-flatten-a-multilevel-doubly-linked-list) |
| [2121-find-if-path-exists-in-graph](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/2121-find-if-path-exists-in-graph) |
| [2438-find-closest-node-to-given-two-nodes](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/2438-find-closest-node-to-given-two-nodes) |
## Binary Tree
|  |
| ------- |
| [0129-sum-root-to-leaf-numbers](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/0129-sum-root-to-leaf-numbers) |
| [0199-binary-tree-right-side-view](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/0199-binary-tree-right-side-view) |
| [0257-binary-tree-paths](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/0257-binary-tree-paths) |
## Linked List
|  |
| ------- |
| [0528-swapping-nodes-in-a-linked-list](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/0528-swapping-nodes-in-a-linked-list) |
| [0766-flatten-a-multilevel-doubly-linked-list](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/0766-flatten-a-multilevel-doubly-linked-list) |
## Two Pointers
|  |
| ------- |
| [0151-reverse-words-in-a-string](https://github.com/mihneagrigore/Leetcode/tree/master/0151-reverse-words-in-a-string) |
| [0345-reverse-vowels-of-a-string](https://github.com/mihneagrigore/Leetcode/tree/master/0345-reverse-vowels-of-a-string) |
| [0443-string-compression](https://github.com/mihneagrigore/Leetcode/tree/master/0443-string-compression) |
| [0528-swapping-nodes-in-a-linked-list](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/0528-swapping-nodes-in-a-linked-list) |
| [1894-merge-strings-alternately](https://github.com/mihneagrigore/Leetcode/tree/master/1894-merge-strings-alternately) |
## Doubly-Linked List
|  |
| ------- |
| [0766-flatten-a-multilevel-doubly-linked-list](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/0766-flatten-a-multilevel-doubly-linked-list) |
## Stack
|  |
| ------- |
| [0020-valid-parentheses](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/0020-valid-parentheses) |
| [0155-min-stack](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/0155-min-stack) |
## Design
|  |
| ------- |
| [0155-min-stack](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/0155-min-stack) |
## String
|  |
| ------- |
| [0020-valid-parentheses](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/0020-valid-parentheses) |
| [0151-reverse-words-in-a-string](https://github.com/mihneagrigore/Leetcode/tree/master/0151-reverse-words-in-a-string) |
| [0257-binary-tree-paths](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/0257-binary-tree-paths) |
| [0345-reverse-vowels-of-a-string](https://github.com/mihneagrigore/Leetcode/tree/master/0345-reverse-vowels-of-a-string) |
| [0443-string-compression](https://github.com/mihneagrigore/Leetcode/tree/master/0443-string-compression) |
| [1146-greatest-common-divisor-of-strings](https://github.com/mihneagrigore/Leetcode/tree/master/1146-greatest-common-divisor-of-strings) |
| [1894-merge-strings-alternately](https://github.com/mihneagrigore/Leetcode/tree/master/1894-merge-strings-alternately) |
## Backtracking
|  |
| ------- |
| [0257-binary-tree-paths](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/0257-binary-tree-paths) |
## Breadth-First Search
|  |
| ------- |
| [0199-binary-tree-right-side-view](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/0199-binary-tree-right-side-view) |
| [0733-flood-fill](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/0733-flood-fill) |
| [2121-find-if-path-exists-in-graph](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/2121-find-if-path-exists-in-graph) |
## Array
|  |
| ------- |
| [0238-product-of-array-except-self](https://github.com/mihneagrigore/Leetcode/tree/master/0238-product-of-array-except-self) |
| [0239-sliding-window-maximum](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/0239-sliding-window-maximum) |
| [0334-increasing-triplet-subsequence](https://github.com/mihneagrigore/Leetcode/tree/master/0334-increasing-triplet-subsequence) |
| [0605-can-place-flowers](https://github.com/mihneagrigore/Leetcode/tree/master/0605-can-place-flowers) |
| [0643-maximum-average-subarray-i](https://github.com/mihneagrigore/Leetcode/tree/master/0643-maximum-average-subarray-i) |
| [0733-flood-fill](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/0733-flood-fill) |
| [1528-kids-with-the-greatest-number-of-candies](https://github.com/mihneagrigore/Leetcode/tree/master/1528-kids-with-the-greatest-number-of-candies) |
## Queue
|  |
| ------- |
| [0239-sliding-window-maximum](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/0239-sliding-window-maximum) |
## Sliding Window
|  |
| ------- |
| [0239-sliding-window-maximum](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/0239-sliding-window-maximum) |
| [0643-maximum-average-subarray-i](https://github.com/mihneagrigore/Leetcode/tree/master/0643-maximum-average-subarray-i) |
## Heap (Priority Queue)
|  |
| ------- |
| [0239-sliding-window-maximum](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/0239-sliding-window-maximum) |
## Monotonic Queue
|  |
| ------- |
| [0239-sliding-window-maximum](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/0239-sliding-window-maximum) |
## Union Find
|  |
| ------- |
| [2121-find-if-path-exists-in-graph](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/2121-find-if-path-exists-in-graph) |
## Graph
|  |
| ------- |
| [2121-find-if-path-exists-in-graph](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/2121-find-if-path-exists-in-graph) |
| [2438-find-closest-node-to-given-two-nodes](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/2438-find-closest-node-to-given-two-nodes) |
## Matrix
|  |
| ------- |
| [0733-flood-fill](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/0733-flood-fill) |
## Math
|  |
| ------- |
| [1146-greatest-common-divisor-of-strings](https://github.com/mihneagrigore/Leetcode/tree/master/1146-greatest-common-divisor-of-strings) |
## Greedy
|  |
| ------- |
| [0334-increasing-triplet-subsequence](https://github.com/mihneagrigore/Leetcode/tree/master/0334-increasing-triplet-subsequence) |
| [0605-can-place-flowers](https://github.com/mihneagrigore/Leetcode/tree/master/0605-can-place-flowers) |
## Prefix Sum
|  |
| ------- |
| [0238-product-of-array-except-self](https://github.com/mihneagrigore/Leetcode/tree/master/0238-product-of-array-except-self) |
<!---LeetCode Topics End-->

Commit message:

1567-MAXIMUM-NUMBER-OF-VOWELS-IN-A-SUBSTRING-OF-GIVEN-LENGTH Stats: Time: 423 ms (5.37%), Space: 9.2 MB (90.91%) - LeetHub

README.md, after:

# Leetcode
Collection of LeetCode questions to ace the coding interview! - Created using [LeetHub](https://github.com/QasimWani/LeetHub)

<!---LeetCode Topics Start-->
# LeetCode Topics
## Tree
|  |
| ------- |
| [0129-sum-root-to-leaf-numbers](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/0129-sum-root-to-leaf-numbers) |
| [0199-binary-tree-right-side-view](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/0199-binary-tree-right-side-view) |
| [0257-binary-tree-paths](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/0257-binary-tree-paths) |
## Depth-First Search
|  |
| ------- |
| [0129-sum-root-to-leaf-numbers](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/0129-sum-root-to-leaf-numbers) |
| [0199-binary-tree-right-side-view](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/0199-binary-tree-right-side-view) |
| [0257-binary-tree-paths](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/0257-binary-tree-paths) |
| [0733-flood-fill](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/0733-flood-fill) |
| [0766-flatten-a-multilevel-doubly-linked-list](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/0766-flatten-a-multilevel-doubly-linked-list) |
| [2121-find-if-path-exists-in-graph](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/2121-find-if-path-exists-in-graph) |
| [2438-find-closest-node-to-given-two-nodes](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/2438-find-closest-node-to-given-two-nodes) |
## Binary Tree
|  |
| ------- |
| [0129-sum-root-to-leaf-numbers](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/0129-sum-root-to-leaf-numbers) |
| [0199-binary-tree-right-side-view](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/0199-binary-tree-right-side-view) |
| [0257-binary-tree-paths](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/0257-binary-tree-paths) |
## Linked List
|  |
| ------- |
| [0528-swapping-nodes-in-a-linked-list](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/0528-swapping-nodes-in-a-linked-list) |
| [0766-flatten-a-multilevel-doubly-linked-list](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/0766-flatten-a-multilevel-doubly-linked-list) |
## Two Pointers
|  |
| ------- |
| [0151-reverse-words-in-a-string](https://github.com/mihneagrigore/Leetcode/tree/master/0151-reverse-words-in-a-string) |
| [0345-reverse-vowels-of-a-string](https://github.com/mihneagrigore/Leetcode/tree/master/0345-reverse-vowels-of-a-string) |
| [0443-string-compression](https://github.com/mihneagrigore/Leetcode/tree/master/0443-string-compression) |
| [0528-swapping-nodes-in-a-linked-list](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/0528-swapping-nodes-in-a-linked-list) |
| [1894-merge-strings-alternately](https://github.com/mihneagrigore/Leetcode/tree/master/1894-merge-strings-alternately) |
## Doubly-Linked List
|  |
| ------- |
| [0766-flatten-a-multilevel-doubly-linked-list](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/0766-flatten-a-multilevel-doubly-linked-list) |
## Stack
|  |
| ------- |
| [0020-valid-parentheses](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/0020-valid-parentheses) |
| [0155-min-stack](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/0155-min-stack) |
## Design
|  |
| ------- |
| [0155-min-stack](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/0155-min-stack) |
## String
|  |
| ------- |
| [0020-valid-parentheses](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/0020-valid-parentheses) |
| [0151-reverse-words-in-a-string](https://github.com/mihneagrigore/Leetcode/tree/master/0151-reverse-words-in-a-string) |
| [0257-binary-tree-paths](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/0257-binary-tree-paths) |
| [0345-reverse-vowels-of-a-string](https://github.com/mihneagrigore/Leetcode/tree/master/0345-reverse-vowels-of-a-string) |
| [0443-string-compression](https://github.com/mihneagrigore/Leetcode/tree/master/0443-string-compression) |
| [1146-greatest-common-divisor-of-strings](https://github.com/mihneagrigore/Leetcode/tree/master/1146-greatest-common-divisor-of-strings) |
| [1567-maximum-number-of-vowels-in-a-substring-of-given-length](https://github.com/mihneagrigore/Leetcode/tree/master/1567-maximum-number-of-vowels-in-a-substring-of-given-length) |
| [1894-merge-strings-alternately](https://github.com/mihneagrigore/Leetcode/tree/master/1894-merge-strings-alternately) |
## Backtracking
|  |
| ------- |
| [0257-binary-tree-paths](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/0257-binary-tree-paths) |
## Breadth-First Search
|  |
| ------- |
| [0199-binary-tree-right-side-view](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/0199-binary-tree-right-side-view) |
| [0733-flood-fill](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/0733-flood-fill) |
| [2121-find-if-path-exists-in-graph](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/2121-find-if-path-exists-in-graph) |
## Array
|  |
| ------- |
| [0238-product-of-array-except-self](https://github.com/mihneagrigore/Leetcode/tree/master/0238-product-of-array-except-self) |
| [0239-sliding-window-maximum](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/0239-sliding-window-maximum) |
| [0334-increasing-triplet-subsequence](https://github.com/mihneagrigore/Leetcode/tree/master/0334-increasing-triplet-subsequence) |
| [0605-can-place-flowers](https://github.com/mihneagrigore/Leetcode/tree/master/0605-can-place-flowers) |
| [0643-maximum-average-subarray-i](https://github.com/mihneagrigore/Leetcode/tree/master/0643-maximum-average-subarray-i) |
| [0733-flood-fill](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/0733-flood-fill) |
| [1528-kids-with-the-greatest-number-of-candies](https://github.com/mihneagrigore/Leetcode/tree/master/1528-kids-with-the-greatest-number-of-candies) |
## Queue
|  |
| ------- |
| [0239-sliding-window-maximum](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/0239-sliding-window-maximum) |
## Sliding Window
|  |
| ------- |
| [0239-sliding-window-maximum](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/0239-sliding-window-maximum) |
| [0643-maximum-average-subarray-i](https://github.com/mihneagrigore/Leetcode/tree/master/0643-maximum-average-subarray-i) |
| [1567-maximum-number-of-vowels-in-a-substring-of-given-length](https://github.com/mihneagrigore/Leetcode/tree/master/1567-maximum-number-of-vowels-in-a-substring-of-given-length) |
## Heap (Priority Queue)
|  |
| ------- |
| [0239-sliding-window-maximum](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/0239-sliding-window-maximum) |
## Monotonic Queue
|  |
| ------- |
| [0239-sliding-window-maximum](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/0239-sliding-window-maximum) |
## Union Find
|  |
| ------- |
| [2121-find-if-path-exists-in-graph](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/2121-find-if-path-exists-in-graph) |
## Graph
|  |
| ------- |
| [2121-find-if-path-exists-in-graph](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/2121-find-if-path-exists-in-graph) |
| [2438-find-closest-node-to-given-two-nodes](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/2438-find-closest-node-to-given-two-nodes) |
## Matrix
|  |
| ------- |
| [0733-flood-fill](https://github.com/mihnea2106/Leetcode/tree/master/0733-flood-fill) |
## Math
|  |
| ------- |
| [1146-greatest-common-divisor-of-strings](https://github.com/mihneagrigore/Leetcode/tree/master/1146-greatest-common-divisor-of-strings) |
## Greedy
|  |
| ------- |
| [0334-increasing-triplet-subsequence](https://github.com/mihneagrigore/Leetcode/tree/master/0334-increasing-triplet-subsequence) |
| [0605-can-place-flowers](https://github.com/mihneagrigore/Leetcode/tree/master/0605-can-place-flowers) |
## Prefix Sum
|  |
| ------- |
| [0238-product-of-array-except-self](https://github.com/mihneagrigore/Leetcode/tree/master/0238-product-of-array-except-self) |
<!---LeetCode Topics End-->
